Add an example for Promise.resolve() (#10347)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/promise/resolve/index.md

thenable, adopting its eventual state; otherwise the returned promise will be fulfilled
with the value. This function flattens nested layers of promise-like objects (e.g. a
promise that resolves to a promise that resolves to something) into a single layer.
> **Warning:** Do not call `Promise.resolve()` on a thenable that resolves to itself. That leads to infinite recursion, because it attempts to flatten an infinitely-nested promise.

## Example

> ```js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```js example-bad
```

thenable, adopting its eventual state; otherwise the returned promise will be fulfilled
with the value. This function flattens nested layers of promise-like objects (e.g. a
promise that resolves to a promise that resolves to something) into a single layer.
> **Warning:** Do not call `Promise.resolve()` on a thenable that resolves to itself. That leads to infinite recursion, because it attempts to flatten an infinitely-nested promise.
## Example
```js
let thenable = {
  then: (resolve, reject) => {
    resolve(thenable)
  }
}

> Promise.resolve(thenable)  //This will lead to a infinite recursion
> ## Syntax

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Promise.resolve(thenable)  //This will lead to a infinite recursion
```

## Syntax
```

> ```js
> let thenable = {
>   then: (resolve, reject) => {
>     resolve(thenable)
>   }
> }
> 
> Promise.resolve(thenable)  //This will lead to a infinite recursion
> ## Syntax
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```js
let thenable = {
  then: (resolve, reject) => {
    resolve(thenable)
  }
}

Promise.resolve(thenable)  //This will lead to a infinite recursion
```
## Syntax

```

thenable, adopting its eventual state; otherwise the returned promise will be fulfilled
with the value. This function flattens nested layers of promise-like objects (e.g. a
promise that resolves to a promise that resolves to something) into a single layer.
> **Warning:** Do not call `Promise.resolve()` on a thenable that resolves to itself. That leads to infinite recursion, because it attempts to flatten an infinitely-nested promise.
## Example

> <pre class="brush: js">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```js
```

let thenable = {
  then: (resolve, reject) => {
    resolve(thenable)
  }
}

Promise.resolve(thenable)  //This will lead to a infinite recursion

> </pre>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
```

> </pre>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
```

thenable, adopting its eventual state; otherwise the returned promise will be fulfilled
with the value. This function flattens nested layers of promise-like objects (e.g. a
promise that resolves to a promise that resolves to something) into a single layer.

> <div class="blockIndicator warning">
>   <p>Warning: Do not call `Promise.resolve()` on a thenable that resolves to itself. This leads to infinite recursion because it attempts to flatten the infinite nested promise. An example is to use it with asynchronous pipes in `Angular`. Click <a href="https://angular.io/guide/template-syntax#avoid-side-effects">here</a> to know more about it</p>
> </div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Warning:** Do not call `Promise.resolve()` on a thenable that resolves to itself. That leads to infinite recursion, because it attempts to flatten an infinitely-nested promise.
```
